[Music]
you got to post content that appeals to
the
masses here's the thing to know it's not
going to help you generate the right
type of
customers it's how do you get your money
to work for you more and more over time
that is really the key to succeeding
this is Neil
Patel helping you succeed through online
marketing all right we're going to jump
right into it we're going to do a
episode longer form one and the first
thing that we want to cover in this
episode is the fact that there is one
person that I know that gets over a 100
million impressions on his LinkedIn page
he runs a a page called marketing
Millennials his name is Daniel Murray I
want to talk about how he's growing this
page and it's it's from my understanding
it does multiple seven figures a year
yeah if you look at his content
specifically it doesn't matter if you're
B2B or B Toc if you want to go viral on
Twitter and get the amount of
Impressions that like Mark Millennials
is you got to post content that appeals
to the masses so he'll have content like
an image that says focus on what matters
and it'll be a circle and a small
fraction of it call it like on Tenth of
it is highlighted in red and he's like
Focus here and 90% of the circle will be
he'll label it like things we obsess
about and he's telling you don't Focus
there or there'll be a little meme of
like a onep person team marketers doing
everything and it's just like uh a
person on a onewheel bcycle juggling
putting stuff on their head uh or he has
another image that says like growth is
never a straight line and it's just a
jaggy line that goes up and to the right
here's the thing to know if you're
looking to generate revenue from
newsletters ads things like that these
impression counts not bad go for you
know a big chunk of Impressions whatever
is going to generate the most if you're
looking for and this is specifically on
LinkedIn if you're looking for
Enterprise clients because I know a a
lot of you guys use LinkedIn for
Enterprise marketing if you put out a
lot of broad content we've done a lot of
tests on this it's not going to help you
generate the right type of customers if
you're looking for enterprise software
sales Enterprise Consulting contracts
you got to get very specific targeting
the actual position and the type of
person that you want to sell into so for
example we sell a lot of times into
marketing managers head of marketings VP
of marketings uh VP of growth CMOS so
try to post content that appeals
specifically to them like a case study
of results we provided for another
client or we'll post content on things
like cookus world for marketers and what
Enterprise companies need to understand
for that because that's something that
they're concerned a lot about at least
from uh our talks with Forester so
covering topics like that won't create
the virality won't get us 110 million
impressions but it does generate really
qualified leads and revenue for us the
idea of of spectacle marketing versus
relationship building marketing right or
like spectacle content versus
relationship building content so when
you think about spectacles it's like Mr
Beast right like he hired an assassin to
like find him or whatever right and you
win like 100,000 at the very end now
what that means is that's a spectacle
right you're going to get a lot of views
to kind a Neil's point but also
relationship marketing or or content on
the other side is instead of doing these
five to 10 minute spectacles now they're
doing like one hour two hour it's a
little different because you're going
deep on the relationship there so kind
of similar kind of different that's why
I wanted to combine them together I do
want to show the the screen as well so
upgrade your plan to team okay yep not
doing that so let's move over to move
over here Eric and I are still Frugal
bad economy save every penny you can yes
so you can see the example I was talking
about if you're watching us on YouTube
of him telling you where to focus in the
circle or the growth line um but you can
see how his contents just appeal to
Broad audiences he has an in image of
Kim Kardashian l a meme there but this
is stuff that's not going to drive you
really qualified lease for Enterprise
but it can get you a ton of followers
and then when you do Post related
content um hopefully more people within
your audience this YouTube creators
event that I went to um a couple lessons
I learn everyone has their own unique
funnel and so as I was saying earlier uh
I met a gal that does um that does only
fans and I have no judgment for those
that do only fans like your business is
your business right that's I'm just
looking at this from a marketing
standpoint she drives all her traffic
from Twitter so she posts like a you
know like a a photo of herself like
photos of herself right and sometimes
these photos will get like one million
impressions two million impressions or
so and then in the comments I'll just
say subscribe to my only fans so it's
very simple funnel right like but then
there's another guy I know he uses Tik
Tok and through Tik Tok he drives all
that traffic because Tik Tok you could
go the most viral of all the short form
platforms he choses that drives them to
his Instagram page and then through his
Instagram page drives them to a phone
call to buy his $2,000 course and
through that he's doing $20 million a
year he runs no ads he's a solo person
business just like the the only fans gal
but I find that really interesting no it
definitely is dude what's funny is uh
did you ever listen to the Cody sperber
interview of the oie fans girl who the
hell is
that Cody sperber is uh he calls himself
the clever investor yeah yeah yeah
clever
investor he's a real estate guy really
smart when it comes to real estate and
more he interviewed someone who's
popular on oie fans and uh yeah you know
some of them are generating like
millions and millions and millions a
year you know and then in my head I was
thinking I'm like what are they going to
do in the long run like on once that
Revenue dies down because it doesn't
last forever right I I don't know the
exact type of content that they're
posting but it's not hard to guess and
again I'm not judging it but if
someone's posting or they're buying your
content because of how you look we all
get older it's natural there's nothing
wrong wrong with getting older are they
going to still subscribe maybe they will
because people are also getting older I
asked her do you want to know the answer
she was like no like I'm she's like I'm
buying like a house every single year
right now and I want to buy more homes
and I just want to cash flow off the
homes and I was like that's really smart
you have to have assets at the end of
the day otherwise you're not really you
know wealthy yeah the the big lesson for
any of you guys whether it's oie fans or
not the question is how can you make
your money work for you instead of you
continually having to work for the money
and it's funny because I travel a lot
you know uh Eric knows this he was
messaging me on another event but like
right now I'm pretty much traveling
every single week which kind of gets
hard with uh wife and kids um so much so
like I even thought about buying a Jet I
spent way too many hours last year
looking at Jets bad for the environment
uh my wife and I are little green people
and then I started looking again just
because like I miss being around my kids
and I'm like oh I can probably cut my
travel down into half of the days I'm
away from my children uh if I buy a
plane or Charter I can do one or the
other and I mainly travel International
which it kind of gets really expensive
you know the the overall point is when I
travel for events I don't know why I
brought it the jet point but when I
travel for events most people look at me
as a marketer and Eric knows this
although I'm already leading him by
asking him this question Eric what do
you see me as no I I actually see you
more as a business person now maybe I
used to see you as a marketer before we
met but it's different now but that's
also but I also know you really well so
it's different yes and I don't make the
majority of my money from marketing I
make it from business and Investments
and it compounds over time it's how do
you get your money to work for you more
and more over time that is really the
key to succeeding but at the end of the
day it's actually good to be known for
like one area because it's like easy for
people to understand and so I've grown
to like accept that and I think it's the
same for you yeah I I don't really care
what people think of me as it's more so
if you are a marketer whether it's
affiliate marketer or any type of
marketer and that's how you generate
your income it doesn't mean you need to
take your money and only make more by
doing more marketing stuff it could be
you buy an e-commerce site do your
marketing talents on it and then have
that residual income without you running
it anymore and you sip P coladas on the
beach whatever it may be or I take a lot
of my money and I park it in Venture
funds private Equity Funds and hedge
funds and I'm getting consistent returns
I've been doing that for ages where now
I could just live off that money and I
don't ever need to work again yes that
money isn't quote unquote um as liquid I
also do stocks or quite a bit of stocks
as well but still it's just like it's
consistent enough you know if you invest
in them every single year and you've
been doing it for 10 years you have
enough liquidity each year or I can just
do a capital call on uh a hedge fund or
sell some of my stocks or anything like
that and now these days the banks will
actually lend you against your uh
private Equity Holdings not to go too
deep on this but maybe we'll do an
episode on this separately if you guys
like it um and by the way we do
appreciate all the re the new reviews
that are coming in that like the longb
videos yeah keep it up that'll keep us
going here so let's go on the next
subject Neil you brought this up um and
again Neil was traveling this week but
he saw this one that caught his eye on
chat GPT getting banned in Italy yeah
the the word about claims to the work
that chat gbt is producing the content
based off of so Chad gbt is a much much
much much better version than an article
spinner when comes to creating content
here's what I mean by that right and I'm
not trying to degrade what Sam Alman did
which open a it's amazing our article
spinner is you input content and it
spins out A variation of that content so
it's using the input sources and then is
spitting out text for you now what chat
GPT is doing for most marketers and it
does way more than this but just in a
basic form it's scraping the web for
content on any topic so that when you
ask it a question
related to a specific segment like if
you ask it a question related to social
media marketing it goes and looks out
all the content that is scraped around
social media marketing and IT create new
content based off of that right so in
essence it's using original pieces of
article or information as a sources to
go and create something new and uh Italy
doesn't like that and I bet you're going
to see way more countries not liking it
as well and it's not just from a text
based content perspective with the
responses they're giving with the poems
they're writing with anything that
you're asking chat GPT to do it's
pulling from a database full of content
and that content is what it's using to
go and create new content that's why I
always say it's a better and a new
version of a article spinner not trying
to undermine what open AI did it's
really complex I'm not smart enough to
do what they did it's genius yeah I
think you're going to have way more
countries within Europe uh having issues
and I would first see it out of Europe
because that's where you have gdpr and
they're very strict and picky about
privacy and then maybe you'll start
seeing other countries start following
suit or at least there's going to be
either a lawsuits or a lot of legal
issues and I'm not a lawyer but I bet
something like that's going to follow if
not you're going to get the ambulance
Chasers at least in the United States
trying to sue someone because they use
chat GPT and figure out how they can
just make a quick Buck yep so you know
we're going to tie all this together and
give you the marketing lesson in a bit
but I just wanted to show you this um my
screen here as Neil I don't know if you
know this but um when we were babies
this actually happened teachers wanted
to ban calculators in 1988 this is like
a more intense version like chat gbd can
basically do your homework for you it
could do a lot more than that and here's
the other thing David Sachs who founded
Yammer let's just call him a popular SAS
investor he's one of the co-hosts of the
all-in podcast he did this post over
here on the give to get model for AI
startup so you can see almost 20 years
ago startup named jigsaw I'm not going
to read the whole thing here but it's a
pretty well done post over here right so
like there's there's a post within a
post here I just want to show you this
post it's pretty good and you scroll
over here it just this give to get model
right it's pretty long form and you know
what most of it was done by AI okay
there's about 1100 words or so so he had
to help it if it's 1100 words the
chances are he helped modify because
most AI tools don't produce 1100 words
that are really well written most AI
writers will produce around 500 words
for you just for a rough reference for
most of you guys yes you can get them to
produce like 750 and stuff but the
moment you want to have them produce a
th000 plus words and it to be high
quality you have to do more of a
paragraph by paragraph output so there's
a site called share GPT so you can
actually share the conversations you're
having with chat GPT you have an ideator
here for you that can also do the
research but maybe this got like you
know 50 or 60% of the work done and then
he edited the rest because of the genie
out of the bottle on this stuff you
can't put it back in same thing with
crypto right it's it's very hard to put
it back in especially since crypto's
been around for for a while too but I
digress look at the end of the day you
know if you look at chat GPT and AI it's
here to stay it's just going to go
through a lot of legal hurdles
regulation hurdles and it's going to go
through a lot of ups and downs but
eventually it's going to be used more
and more in businesses to just make
lives easier whether it's in helping
write content which is what most
marketers think but start thinking
bigger like it helping you analyze
analytics in real time and then making
more informed marketing decisions daily
versus monthly or quarterly and you
would have way less wasted spend which
may not seem like a big deal to you but
like think about a company like Proctor
and Gamble where they spend over eight
billion billion with the B dollars in
advertising doing daily analysis of your
analytics and your campaigns I if I had
a guess would easily save them hundreds
and hundreds of millions of dollars
right so for Enterprise businesses it
will save them armor um and then also
think about it from a process standpoint
it'll make things daresh Shaw who is one
of the co-founders of HubSpot he
recently was quoted as spending over 10
million on uh the domain chat.com and he
spent about seven figures on the domain
prompt.com just to give you a little
more context here obviously with chat
GPT and obviously with with um chat GPT
you have to think of the the best promps
right and also you're chatting with it
as well he hasn't quite figured out what
he wants to do with chat.com but at
least with prompt.com that that might be
a site where he has like the best
prompts yeah think he's going to end up
using it for something related to
marketing because that's what hubs swots
business is all about sales and
marketing he'll use it for something
related to AI uh and I do believe why
wouldn't HubSpot start going after this
category they are a massive Corporation
yeah and you know it takes guts I mean
even though he's uh he's a billionaire
to take his own money off his own
balance sheet and um you know make it
work first and then probably you know
give it back to HubSpot you know that's
how he looks at like he likes to Tinker
right like well let's put it in
perspective perspective so just to give
you guys idea if someone has a billion
dollars and they spend $10 million on a
domain name is 1% yes it does take guts
uh two I think it's a smart move either
way but it for HubSpot or him whoever
end up purchasing it's not a lot of cash
it's like Bill Gates spending billion
dollars people like okay whoopy dooo he
still has 99 billion more dollars it
doesn't really make a difference to his
life also look at his bets it's not
about him buying chat or prompt or
anything like that HubSpot and dares
just generally if you look at their
history they make many bets whether it's
their website grader or going free on a
CRM and going after a Salesforce some of
these bets in business and marketing pay
off some of them don't it's a numbers
game and their batting average is
amazing so why not keep placing these
bets yeah some of them may cost you 10
million here there 15 here and you know
like it all adds up but if you just look
at HubSpot stock you're talking about a$
21 billion company that's the valuation
of it so whether it's 10 million or 15
million it's not that much money in the
grand scheme of things two more things
we want to talk about and as as we work
towards uh getting towards the end since
we're on the top of AI so NE Neil how
are you guys using it internally uh at
at your company right now it can help
with process ideation streamlining uh
content creation we're also using it for
uh analytics analysis and trying to get
insights on a daily basis versus getting
insights on a weekly basis or quarterly
basis or monthly basis that's where we
really see the opportunity yeah content
creation is already cheap you can have a
lot of people create content or use AI
to create content even come up with
ideas but analysis of analytics and
getting insights daily we see that being
a real GameChanger in marketing not only
to save companies money but to gobble up
market share and create faster growth
with less of a spend yep one thing we're
doing and hopefully this gives you all
some ideas in terms of how we're playing
around with it and I think Neil n will
continue to update you on on how we're
messing around with this stuff because
it it's fun and we just want to get the
ideas jogging for you as well to help
your business now final thing um setting
the stage for this one is you know you
look at companies like meta you look at
companies like Amazon but recently you
know they've laid off a lot of people
but enture who they're more of like a
services company they they just cut
20,000 jobs and you can see you know
Disney they cut their entire metaverse
division Amazon was even talking about
like wanting people to come back but
then like 20,000 people signed a
petition but then Amazon was like hey
that's okay like we can either work on
you coming back or like you can
transition out so I think we're starting
to see the pendulum swing now for
businesses but now things are changing
quite a bit I think we're going to see
as much uh remote first I think we got a
taste of it but I think most of us
understand that at least a lot of
Founders I'm talking to it's probably
better to be in person so Neil might
disagree because they they're fully
committed to remote first so I want to
get your thoughts we are committed to
remote first uh we do have we work still
so if people believe that it's more
effective for them to be in person and
meet with each other we will set up
satellite offices like Wei Works in some
cities I think we have more than just a
Wei workor but it really is based on two
factors one it's what the employees want
two it's also what certain clients want
because certain clients require us to
have uh certain presences in certain
cities for at least the Enterprise deals
yep so my my take on this one too I mean
look when you're in person together I
Neil we're talking separately like you
were looking at you know office bace and
Vegas more so not for for your your
people no it's just me like you know
like those really sick private Equity
offices I'm not talking about like law
firms think of one like one level higher
and better than that I've always just
wanted that and when I look at the
economics I don't want a small office so
even though it would be only me in the
office I want at least 10,000 square
feet so you're probably talking I would
spend like 3 $4 million on a buildout
and then the rent and then my guys
always tell me like it would be a waste
of money but some things you just dream
about and you want um I didn't end up
spending it as my wife says best she's
like you already travel every week she's
like you're never going to even go into
the office and I'm like yeah that's true
so uh I never ended up doing it Eric
always said he's like hey if you move
back down one day to SOA we can always
get an office together come into my
office you know I still don't know if I
would go into an office I thought about
building a home and making one whole
floor of the home like my basement uh
office with like meeting rooms and
conference tables and all that kind of
stuff although I've never really done it
although it's in one of my house plans
but I think what's going to end up
happening is it's going to be different
for every company I know some companies
I kid you not because of the type of
people they're hiring they need to be
trained up and a lot of them are flaky
like the type of employees they're going
after because they're hiring unskilled
labor they don't want to pay them much
if you don't want to pay people much
don't expect the world from them they
need them to show up in the office or
else they don't perform as well and on
the flip side you're an Enterprise
company let's say Consulting and your
people need to be doing meetings all the
time being flying to customers selling
they may not need a office or if they
need a office it may just be small
because you may want them on the road
because they close more revenue for you
I really do believe it's going to vary
from company to company right now you're
seeing a big push for a lot of
Corporations to say hey you need to come
into the office it's going to make you
more efficient and I do buy to some
extent but I do know a lot of people
that are high up at places like Facebook
Amazon Microsoft like really high up I'm
not talking about like VPS I'm talking
about extremely high up in people who
have made well over a billion dollars in
comp either a early employees or B uh
some of the owners or co-founders some
of these guys are just pushing for this
because they don't want to they want to
lay off employees but they don't
actually want to lay them off because if
they lay them off it costs them a lot of
money but if they force people into the
office they know a ton of people are
going to quit and that's that's just
going to save him a lot of money you
save hundreds of millions of dollars no
joke like depending on your company side
you save a lot of money on Severance but
my bet on this one in the next five 10
years or so I think we're going to see
the majority of companies have a hybrid
model um so yeah well you want to know
what's funny out of all the people I've
trained in marketing I haven't trained
any of them in person on a regular basis
in office almost all of it was done
virtually yes at NP digital even my past
life right like Sean who managed a lot
of our content marketing back in the day
and got our blogs to millions of
visitors a month just teaching a little
different strategies and tactics but
like he was based in Orange County and I
was based in Seattle at the time you
could do a lot of stuff virtually uh but
the point I'm getting at is and that was
pre Zoom you can do a lot of stuff just
over a Skype call or you know just
picking up the phone and if someone
already has the basic fundamentals you
can help them shine depending on what
industry in at least in marketing
without in person and yes it's going to
work for some people it's not going to
work for others but I'm a big believer
when you hire people either some people
have it and they have the drive and they
just want to push forward and those are
people you want to hire and then some
people really need to be pushed and you
got to micromanage them and those are
the people I try to avoid hiring if it's
a high performer remote first is fine
for the most part unless it's like you
have to collaborate it's not a high like
if it's someone that needs to be
micromanaged or needs to be pushed I
cannot I can't I just can't right life
is too short by the way if you're a high
performer you want to work at a great
company you can apply MP digital you can
apply to single grain we're always
looking to hire a high performer so
that's it if you guys like this episode
make sure you raate and review it even
if you don't please raate and review it
so at least we learned what we did wrong
if you didn't like it you can give us a
one story just tell us what we did wrong
and how to improve uh and thank you for
listening now if you have any questions
leave a comment below I'm here to answer
them and help you out if you enjoy the
video like it share tell people about it
thank you very much